New bed designs now available with mirror/glass headboards and we are now selling sofas and full wall covering headboards. Sign inorCreate an Account or Search 0 0 Search Home Collection Buy Now Pay Later 0% Blog About us Postage Sign in Create an Account Home Collection Buy Now Pay Later 0% Blog About us Postage Sign in Create an Account › CHESTERFIELD DIAMANTE BED FRAME CRUSHED VELVET IN VARIOUS SIZES AND COLOURS CHESTERFIELD DIAMANTE BED FRAME CRUSHED VELVET IN VARIOUS SIZES AND COLOURS £23000£230.00Unit price/per £23000£230.00 £230.00 Unit price / per Add to Cart cancellation policy CHESTERFIELD DIAMANTE BED FRAME CHESTERFIELD DIAMANTE BED FRAME CHESTERFIELD DIAMANTE BED FRAME CRUSHED VELVET UPHOLSTERED. CRUSHED VELVET UPHOLSTERED. (If you would like a Mattress just add the bed to cart and wait for a pop up to get it at a discounted bundle price. Please make sure ad blocker/pop up blocker software are deactivated) (If you would like a Mattress just add the bed to cart and wait for a pop up to get it at a discounted bundle price. Please make sure ad blocker/pop up blocker software are deactivated) This collection bed frame is lovingly hand crafted and upholstered in the UK which is sure to be a bed which will make a beautiful focal point in any bedroom. The frame is made using substantial wood panels and are hand upholstered in truly luxurious crushed velvet fabric. Generous padding, hard wearing and solid slats to ensure that the bed will look and function even after years of use. This collection bed frame is lovingly hand crafted and upholstered in the UK which is sure to be a bed which will make a beautiful focal point in any bedroom. The frame is made using substantial wood panels and are hand upholstered in truly luxurious crushed velvet fabric. Generous padding, hard wearing and solid slats to ensure that the bed will look and function even after years of use. These are British hand made beds not your standard foreign stuff. Manufactured in West Yorkshire. - Luxuriousdesign, strong build and great looking bed. design, strong build and great looking bed. -If you require a mattress add bed to cart and wait for the pop up. A Choice of mattress both are firm ortho spring mattress or 1000 pocket spring and have a reasonable foam topping on both sides to shape around your body to give you a great night’s sleep. -If you require a mattress add bed to cart and wait for the pop up. A Choice of mattress both are firm ortho spring mattress or 1000 pocket spring and have a reasonable foam topping on both sides to shape around your body to give you a great night’s sleep. - - *Mattress will be same type as listed but material on it may differ to picture. *Mattress will be same type as listed but material on it may differ to picture. - - Bed Requires Some Assembly. - Dimensions 3ft Single:W100cm X L220cm4ft Small Double:W131cm x L220cm4ft6 Double:W145cm x L220cm5ft King:W161cm x L230cm6ft Superking:W190cm x L230cm Headboard height from ground: 127cmFootboard height from ground: 65cm Please note: All dimensions are approximate and may contain a small variance. Share Share on Facebook Tweet Tweet on Twitter Quick links Buy Now Pay Later Info Get in touch Email: nabisottomanfurniture@hotmail.com Phone:07841660466 Newsletter Promotions, new products and sales. Directly to your inbox. Sign Up Twitter Twitter Facebook Facebook Instagram Instagram © 2025Nabi's Ottoman Furniture Powered by Shopify Payment icons American Express Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Google Pay Klarna Maestro Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Union Pay Visa choosing a selection results in a full page refresh