30 days risk-free return 30 days risk-free return Close store notice modal Products Sustainability Professionals About Cart0CloseNo products in the cart. Cart0Close Cart 0 Close No products in the cart. Products Sustainability Professionals About Product Support My account Shipping Returns & Refunds Care Instructions Warranty Professionals Press Enquiries Image Bank Why TAKT Live sustainably Our brand book Showrooms Stories Contact us Chat with us Instagram Pinterest Facebook LinkedIn All Products Seating Tables Bar Chairs Sofas Accessories Spare parts All products All Products Seating Tables Bar Chairs Sofas Accessories Spare parts Bow Chair Cross Task Chair Spoke Sofa Cross Chair Turn Chair Turn Table TAKT Gift Card. Make gifts matter. It’s a great gift to give your loved ones something special for their home. Or to wish for it yourself.  Sent digitally to your inbox, you can forward it on — or, print it out and pop it in a card. Give something special Cross Bar Chair Tube Cross Chair Tube Studio Bar Stool Cross Bar Chair Arc Dining Table Studio Table Soft Lounge Chair Soft Chair Sling Coffee Table Arc Chair Curve Coat Rack Cross Table 120 Soft Bench Cross Table 75 Plint Care Kit Gift Card Spoke Sofa fabric samples Praise from the press Sling Lounge Chair – a stylish buy that supports the circular economy. TAKT showcase how design integrity does not need to be compromised in flat-pack editions. Design integrity does not need to be compromisedin flat-pack editions. The Cross Chair is quickly becoming a contemporary classic. Caring for your TAKT product Use our Care Kits to protect and strengthen the oiled wooden surface of your furniture. We recommend caring for your oiled furniture by treating it with a new layer of oil at least once a year. See more Try the chair in your own home We believe that the best place to experience furniture is in the surroundings where they will be used. That’s why we offerfree return. Read more about the best showroom We designers have a role to challenge the materials, production, processes, and people so that we can help develop and maintain modern craftsmanship. B Corp Our Beliefs: Live Sustainably Long Read: Eco System Design Principles Product Support My account Shipping Returns & Refunds Care Instructions Warranty Professionals Press Enquiries Image Bank Why TAKT Live Sustainably Our brand book Showrooms Stories Careers Contact us Chat with us? Find our chatbot in the bottom right corner –Visit us:TAKT StudioNygårdsvej 192100 Copenhagen Ø Copyright © TAKT 2025 Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy